Create readme and first example in Dart (#1)
open-runtimes/examples: dart/welcome_email/README.md

> # 📧 Sending Welcome Emails using Mailgun's Email API

Reviewer: Woah, really outdated readme. Does not include expected output and input data schema, building is totally, different and and deploy/event is appwrite related, so probably should not be in OR readme.

A sample Dart Cloud Function for sending a welcome email to a newly registered user.

> 

Reviewer 2: The readme definitely needs an update. Since this is outside the Appwrite context, we need to provide more information so terms like 'Cloud Functions' , `.appwrite` makes more sense.

## 📝 Environment Variables
Go to Settings tab of your Cloud Function. Add the following environment variables.

* **MAILGUN_API_KEY** - API Key for Mailgun 
* **MAILGUN_DOMAIN** - Domain Name from Mailgun

## 🚀 Building and Packaging

To package this example as a cloud function, follow these steps.

* Ensure that your folder structure looks like this 
```
.
├── main.dart
├── .appwrite
└── pubspec.yaml
```

> 

Reviewer 2: We should also include a section in the readme that talks about which versions of the dart runtime, this example can run on. 
Since we're having only 1 folder for all the different dart versions, we should have some sort of a note in the readme that says

> This example is compatible with dart-2.15 , dart-2.13 

Something like this, but probably more cleaner

* Create a tarfile

```bash
$ cd ..
$ tar -zcvf code.tar.gz welcome_email
```

* Navigate to the Overview Tab of your Cloud Function > Deploy Tag
* Input the entrypoint of the function (in this case "main.dart") as your entrypoint
* Upload your tarfile 
* Wait for it to build
* Click 'Activate'

> ## 🎯 Trigger

Reviewer 2: This is an appwrite specific concept, It shouldn't make it to open runtimes

# 📧 Sending Welcome Emails using Mailgun's Email API

> <!-- Give your function a name -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Welcome to the documentation of this function 👋 We strongly recommend keeping this file in sync with your function's logic to make sure anyone can easily understand your function in the future. If you don't need documentation, you can remove this file.
> 
> ## 🤖 Documentation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> A sample Dart Cloud Function for sending a welcome email to a newly registered user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A sample Dart Cloud Function for sending emails using the Mailgun API.
```

> A sample Dart Cloud Function for sending a welcome email to a newly registered user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sample Dart function for sending emails through Mailgun.
```

> <!-- Update with your description, for example 'Create Stripe payment and return payment URL' -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

_Example input:_

```json
{
    "name": "John Doe",
    "email": "johndoe@gmail.com"
}
```

> <!-- If input is expected, add example -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

_Example output:_

> <!-- Update with your expected output -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```
email sent successfully.
```

## 📝 Environment Variables

List of environment variables used by this cloud function:

* **MAILGUN_API_KEY** - API Key for Mailgun 
* **MAILGUN_DOMAIN** - Domain Name from Mailgun

> <!-- Add your custom environment variables -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## 🚀 Deployment

> Copy this function folder somewhere and follow the instructions in the [Dart runtime readme](https://github.com/open-runtimes/open-runtimes/tree/main/runtimes/dart-2.15#readme) to deploy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy this function folder somewhere and follow the instructions in the [Dart runtime README](https://github.com/open-runtimes/open-runtimes/tree/main/runtimes/dart-2.15#readme) to deploy it.
```

## 📝 Notes
 - This function is designed for use with Appwrite Cloud Functions. You can learn more about it [here](https://appwrite.io/docs/functions).

>  - This example is compatible with Dart 2.13, 2.14 and 2.15.

Reviewer: I think we should mention that this does not mean it cannot run on other Dart versions. I am sure we will be adding more, but no one will be testing them and updating these READMEs.
